= Improved Standalone Cucumber Test Suite

== Introduction

We here at {Carney+Co}[http://carney.co/] have not discovered how to limit ourselves to Rails only projects yet so we have come up with a simple generator gem that will create a standalone cucumber test inviroment in a folder of our choice. This is a kind of one stop method with the exception of some depdendencies to have the best and easiest to maniupulate test evnironment possible.

I have expanded this work from the original Author Todd Huss from which this project is forked. I basically added in some extra smarts from the internets to integrate webkit and chromedriver to the installation.

Some enhancements over the parent are a nice growing list of generic web_steps and file handling capabilities for downloading and uploading files to your sites.

http://blogs.kent.ac.uk/webdev/2012/08/02/using-capybara-webkit-with-cucumber-without-rails-or-rack/

And

http://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2011/09/27/use-chrome-with-cucumber-capybara/

I have also upgraded all the associated gems from the parent project so this install is far easier to get running out of the box


== Changelog

0.0.4 First Version

0.0.5 Added more web_steps

0.0.6 Configuration of Capybara.app_host from command line and existing deployed test instance upgrade strategy

0.0.7 File download handling through file_steps - This provides a waiting mechanism inspired by http://collectiveidea.com/blog/archives/2012/01/27/testing-file-downloads-with-capybara-and-chromedriver/

== From the original author
I've included a simple search.feature examples that uses Google. To switch to use your own development or staging server adjust the URL in features/support/env.rb. I have this example project setup to use Capybara with Webdriver (Selenium) but you can easily switch this to use Culerity or Webrat by editing features/support/env.rb.

Pull requests with updates/enhancements/bug fixes are always welcome!

== Project Layout

* features/*.feature : cucumber features
* features/step_definitions/web_steps.rb : generic steps that apply to all features
* features/step_definintions/[feature]_steps.rb : steps specific to an individual feature file
* support/env.rb : configures the driver and the hostname to use

== Prerequisites

* Ruby http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/
* Ruby Gems http://rubygems.org/
* Bundler: sudo gem install bundler rake
* qt - brew install qt
* ffi - brew install libffi
* chromedriver - brew install chromedriver

== Configuration

* Bundle Install runs automatically once the test environment is setup

== Setting up a test enviornmnet

* gem install cuke-island
* cuke-island <Directory to house testing files> [<Domain Name (http://google.com)>]
* * This second option will replace the Capybara.app_host = 'http://www.google.com' with your value.

== Running Features

* To run all features: cucumber
* Or to add some options: rake
* To use bundled gems: bundle exec cucumber
* To run a specific feature: cucumber features/search.feature

== Debugging

* To debug a specific step call save_and_open_page within the step

== Additional Documentation

* http://cukes.info (for general cucumber information)
* http://github.com/jnicklas/capybara (for actions such as click_link, click_button, etc...)

== Contributors

* {Cucumber mailing list for the project structure}[http://groups.google.com/group/cukes/browse_thread/thread/297163800eaf2968?pli=1]
* {Todd Huss}[http://gabrito.com]

